---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "analyticsadmin_bigquerylink Resource - analyticsadmin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# analyticsadmin_bigquerylink (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

resource "analyticsadmin_bigquerylink" "link" {
  project          = "projects/1009831384334"
  property_id      = "480154826"
  dataset_location = "europe-west1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_location` (String) Required. Immutable. The geographic location where the created BigQuery dataset should reside. See https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/locations for supported locations.
- `project` (String) Immutable. The linked Google Cloud project ID. Once this resource has been created, the returned project will always have a project that contains a project number. Format: 'projects/{project number}' Example: 'projects/1234'
- `property_id` (String) The Google Analytics property

### Optional

- `create_time` (String) Output only. Time when the link was created.
- `daily_export` (Boolean) If set true, enables daily data export to the linked Google Cloud project.
- `exclude_events` (List of String) The list of event names that will be excluded from exports
- `export_streams` (List of String) The list of streams under the parent property for which data will be exported. Format: properties/{property_id}/dataStreams/{stream_id} Example: ['properties/1000/dataStreams/2000']
- `fresh_daily_export` (Boolean) If set true, enables fresh daily export to the linked Google Cloud project.
- `include_advertising_id` (Boolean) If set true, exported data will include advertising identifiers for mobile app streams.
- `streaming_export` (Boolean) If set true, enables streaming export to the linked Google Cloud project.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) Output only. Resource name of this BigQuery link. Format: 'properties/{property_id}/bigQueryLinks/{bigquery_link_id}' Format: 'properties/1234/bigQueryLinks/abc567'
